# hello-world
My first repository

My passion for information technology began brewing in 2007 while I was attending American InterContinental University Online for my Associate of Arts Business Administration with a concentration in Information Systems Degree GPA 2.94/4.0. I took some software logic and design classes and became eager to learn more about computers and technology. Later attending DeVry University to make a go at a Bachelor Degree in Game and Simulation at first then after a few programming classes I changed to Cisco Networking. Although never completing a degree at DeVry I was quite inspired to learn some more, and so I did.

At this point I was confused I wanted a bit of both worlds the Networking and the Programming Development. I now believe that for me to have the best of both worlds I am going to need to land myself somewhere in cyber security where I can help innocent victims of cyber crimes fight back and win and put up a great defense against future attacks. I like to help everyone and if I can I will, if I can't I will learn to.  I enjoyed learning it all and I know there is plenty of room for me to learn some more at the same time as contributing. This is my nature now I now I embark on my journey to apply it to my programming and soon cyber security. 

On June 2, 2017 I graduated Massasoit Community College (MCC) with an Associate of Applied Computer Science - Programming Degree with a GPA of 3.7/4.0 High Honors.  I have not had a chance to fixate on a specific area of interest in programming however, I learned Java, Python, and C++ simultaneously in the last two semesters MCC. This was quite the challenge for me completing Intro to C++ and Intro to Java in fall semester 2016 with 3 additional IT courses and a semester GPA of 3.88. In the spring semester 2017 I completed Advanced C++, Advanced Java, and Python. To show you an example of my hard work and dedication to my passion I wanted to complete some of what I could not complete at DeVry I enrolled in 10 courses to be completed in those two semesters ending with a GPA of 3.74. 
